ok ok he hi everybody for the
launch of the youtube channel
I decided to share with you a
little tip that a friend of mine
you can play a lot of video games
all tinted graphically and this even on
Internet
so it's easy and it's fast
you just have to go on analgesics
point that we will agitate fear we disappoints a
little
and here is going all the games for
which keys must be awesome I
you just have to click on the game to
access to punishment
so today I decided to
show for minecraft we click on
Minecraft
then we come to the game page
chosen with a video presentation
product details how to activate
the key that silva you generate more
information on the free
service that is even translated into
French we go down a little and just
to click on this link circus have generated
our rugby we click on the link on
then arrives on a page of protection
against spam
so this page just made
to prevent them from becoming too much of
accounts is rotten this ours for the
pass and emerson you just need to
select one of the innovative offers
selection the first ok then for
access the page that generated our code
you just have to enter a number to
four digits that you will receive by
phone indicating your number one
here so do not worry about these
same here because it's dirty tricks
in fact it is to send his top in
capital letter to the number that sent us this
code is because the first week
subscription is free
a beautiful is absolutely nothing do you
will be able to play all the games
offered by the site all completeness
so I will not do it because I have
already done but I will be able to
show now goes count minecraft
that I was just now we're going
go on minecraft point net
we will then go on the bed and
after passing the protection page
against spam you will arrive on
a page like this one thank you for your
trust your bad head skull is rather
in fact directly against 10.2 to
nicolas is the password hu copied
the entry here the password is signed
and here is hanul free man skull account
or now not do them what we
wants welch and what profiles if everything is
in good standing
this is the profile and well validated we can
start playing immediately if we go
get in there then become I you
to confess that I have not even started to
play right away because I'm
not so many people this time we're going
see if the game starts well
yes silence well not done I'm not going
start playing now
Well, I hope you enjoyed it
I will come back soon or frozen
so many other tips then chao
and good game